add required CIDR to the main Prereq section for reducing back-and-forth (#2569)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-azure-hybrid.md

sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/azure.png' }
toc_min_heading_level: 2
toc_max_heading_level: 2

> description: 'Instructions for completing an Astro installation on an existing Microsoft Azure instance. This is where you’ll find the prerequisites and the process you’ll need to follow to allow Astronomer support to provision your network resources.'

Reviewer: Same edits in this doc

Author: @jwitz I had just copied the existing description. If we have to change it I would change it not include "existing Microsoft Azure instance" because 
- there is no such thing as "azure instance"
- Not always users have an existing subscription as we state in our prerequisites to create a new one.

> description: 'Instructions for completing an Astro installation on an existing Microsoft Azure instance. This is where you’ll find the prerequisites and the process you’ll need to follow to allow Astronomer support to provision your network resources.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Use this document to complete the installation of Astro Hybrid in a Microsoft Azure subscription.
```

To install Astro Hybrid on Azure, Astronomer will create an Astro cluster in a dedicated Azure account that's hosted and owned by your organization. This ensures that all data remains within your network and allows your organization to manage infrastructure billing.

> To complete the setup for the installation, you'll:

Reviewer: Same edits in this section

> To complete the setup for the installation, you'll:

Author: ```suggestion
To complete the installation, you'll:
```

- Create an [Astronomer account](#access-astro).
- Create a new Azure subscription with required [Azure resources](resource-reference-azure-hybrid.md).
- Add the Astronomer service principal `astro-remote-mgmt` to your organization's Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
- Assign an `Owner` role to Astronomer's service principal in the new subscription.
- Enable end-to-end encryption using `EncryptionAtHost` feature in the new subscription.
- Share [the setup information](#provide-setup-information-to-astronomer) with Astronomer.

When you've completed the setup process, Astronomer support create infrastructure within your Azure subscription to host the resources and Apache Airflow components necessary to deploy DAGs and execute tasks. If you need more than one Astro cluster, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: Same edits as AWS

> - A new Azure subscription. For security reasons, Azure subscriptions with existing infrastructure aren't supported. Also, no [Azure policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/overview) should be applicable to the [Azure management group](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/management-groups/overview) that the subscription is a part of. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new Azure subscription. For security reasons, Azure subscriptions with existing infrastructure aren't supported. Also, no [Azure policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/overview) should be applicable to the subscription's [Azure management group](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/management-groups/overview).
```

- [Microsoft Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) or [Azure Az PowerShell module](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-az-ps).

> - A CIDR block with `/19` range is required for the Astro Data Plane. If you do not have any preferred CIDR block, Astro will provision a VPC using a default of `172.20.0.0/19`. This will be used for 4 subnets for database, pods, nodes, and private endpoints. See [Azure resource reference](resource-reference-azure-hybrid.md) for details.

Reviewer: Same edits as AWS

- A minimum quota of 48 Standard Ddv5-series vCPUs in the deployment region. You can use Dv5-series vCPUs, but you'll need 96 total vCPUs composed of 48 Ddv5-series vCPUs and 48 Dv5-series vCPUs. To adjust your quota limits up or down, see [Increase VM-family vCPU quotas](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-portal/supportability/per-vm-quota-requests).

- Confirmation that the VM types are available in all Availability Zones in the selected region. For example, you can run the following Azure Az PowerShell command to confirm that the Standard_D4d_v5 VMs (the default for Astro) are available in the Central US region: 

    ```  
    az vm list-skus --location centralus --size Standard_D --all --output table | grep -e 'Restrictions\|Standard_D4d_v5'
    ```  
  

>     If the VM types are unavailable, the output returns `Restrictions`. Please contact Microsoft Support to have these VMs enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the VM types are unavailable, the output returns `Restrictions`. Contact Microsoft Support to have these VMs enabled.
```

- Your preferred Astro cluster name.
- Your Azure TenantID and SubscriptionID.
- Your preferred region. The default is `centralus`.
- Optional. Your preferred node instance type. The default is Standard_D4d_v5.
- Optional. Your preferred Postgres Flexible Server instance type. The default is Standard_D4ds_v4.
- Optional. Your preferred maximum node count. The default is 20.
- Optional. Your custom CIDR ranges for Astronomer service connections. The default is `172.20.0.0/19`.

> See [Azure resource reference](resource-reference-azure-hybrid.md) for default and supported cluster configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Azure resource reference](resource-reference-azure-hybrid.md) for all supported cluster configurations.
```

## Astronomer support creates the cluster

After you provide Astronomer support with the setup information for your cluster, Astronomer support creates the cluster on Azure. Wait for confirmation from Astronomer support that the cluster has been created before creating a Deployment.

## Create a Deployment and confirm the install

> When Astronomer support confirms that your Astro cluster has been created, you can confirm it in the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) by clicking on the Astronomer icon in the top left corner, then click on **Clusters** to see your cluster. You can then [create a Deployment](create-first-DAG#step-1-create-a-deployment) and start to [develop and deploy your DAGs](create-first-DAG#step-2-create-an-astro-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer support will notify you after your Astro cluster has been created. To confirm a successful installation, in the Cloud UI select a Workspace and on the **Deployments** page click **+ Deployment**. The cluster created by Astronomer support appears as an option in the **Cluster** list. 

You can then [create Deployments](create-first-DAG#step-1-create-a-deployment) on your cluster to start running DAGs in your cloud.
```

Author: @jwitz if a cluster is in CREATING state it will still appear in the drop-down of "Create deployment" page. This will definitely confuse users.
